welcome to another league epic we have
two clips in this one in the first clip
we have exile g6 find the purple team
maokai making his way to the bottom land
as this friendly trundle is in trouble
trundle will be able to pick up the kill
on drivin and then switch focus the
enemy Evelyn he will then be able to
finish off a but he himself is gonna go
down leave him Alka in the to be what
situation as trundle does fall the blue
team will switch their focus to maokai
as the enemy Morgana joins a fight
Malcolm will be able to twisted advance
towards Morgana edgy uses that sure
Elias to dodge the binding but he does
get stunned by both Terry and renekton
followed by the Morgan ultimate he will
be shackled in place but he does manage
to get into the brush losing vision of
the enemy team as he turns and uses that
arcane smashes slow the enemy team he
will think it binded not looking good
but he does use that ultimate again that
damage reduction as he uses the twisted
the dance once again to a creep gaining
some distance from the enemy team as he
makes his way into the bush he then
we'll use this flash jumping to the
other bushes the enemy team not fool the
Morgana Bonnie will go out as he twisted
advances once again to a minion the blue
team still in pursuit is Malachi turns
arcane smashing slowing all three of
them is brunette and we'll use a slice
and dice to gain some ground but he will
get slowed again from alkynes Malachi
gates even more distance apparently out
ranging the Morgan a binding as Draven
comes in knocking him aside maokai will
be able to escape with his life the
final clip of today's link epic belongs
and maddy 54 playing the purple team
lisa and warding the other side of the
was the enemy team is doing baron
patiently waiting for his chance to
strike but his filly blink in trouble as
mentally is all over I'm leasing will
threats of sonic wave and be able to
finish her off with a combo and she does
go down he will have another chance at
Baron as he throws up the sonic wave on
Bear and his friendly blitzcrank will
pull the enemy Nocturne over the wall
preventing this might as Lisa notices
this he will go back over with the same
girl and finish him off for the second
kill been thrown at sonic wave following
that up stealing Baron from the enemy
team it's both Jason and Kenan trying to
finish up Lee sin but they will not
stand a chance as lesen will be able to
clean house finishing off the last kill
in Sona taking the unofficial pentakill
plus the Baron steal
thanks for watching this league epic I
hope you enjoyed it if you want to go
check out the previous one a notation
for that will be on the screen thanks
once again for watching have a good rest
of the weekend and we'll talk to you
guys tomorrow